the lunchtime rush in umul right now is
far from
rushed for Kamal abushakra that means
fewer customers and less money we need
peace in these troubled times he says
the Palestinian community and police
force in Northern Israel should both
stay calm now the government's getting
nervous the the
soldier police all of them nervous we we
are a nervous and them a nervous we need
to know to take it easy and to know how
to live in this situation at a nearby
cafe Sal jabarin sits with two friends
trying to relax it's a tough
task it's 200 km away from us but today
if you go out you'll smell the wall the
smell of death the smell is all
around he's upset not just about the
conflict but the pressure he feels to
stay silent too
without a doubt none of us can express
their internal feelings no one can and
if someone says they can I doubt it if I
go on Facebook I can't comment because
if I do I'll be punished people we've
spoken to here say the past two weeks
have created an unprecedented level of
tension in an already tense Community
Palestinians inside Israel who've chosen
to question let alone criticize Israel's
actions in Gaza have been arrested and
many here tell us they're now afraid to
raise their voice at
all police this week shut down a rare
protest in the city of Hyer before it
really
began but in umul famam partitioned from
the West Bank by this wall there are
still some Palestinians prepared to
protest green
light that is giv to
Israel to do whatever they want to do in
Gaza made people
think if they're doing that to Gaza who
will stand against them if they decide
to do the same things here to
us Ahmed Khalifa is a lawyer and human
rights activist who's joined many
previous demonstrations in this town
that's often a center for Palestinian
Israeli political
movements the protest he helped organize
Thursday night started
peacefully but still prompted his
violent
arrest vill marks Al jazer umf
Israel make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer